hi everybody it's Valerie here from the
altai clicker channel with this Baby
Alive doll called bouncing babbles hmmm
why do you think she's calm pouncing
babbles well it's because she bounces
and babbles babbles means that she does
some Baby Talk
but not real words yet I think this box
is really cool because it looks like
this baby is standing up in her crib see
isn't that cute and let's see if she is
excited to see you guys today hey girly
are you excited to see everybody I think
that's a yes guys are so cute she has a
purple little bow right here blue eyes a
big smile and look at these PJ's I think
she just woke up from a nap so how this
doll works as you press her left hand
and that's what makes her talk and
bounce let's try it out going hold both
hands here I'm so cute Karen can you do
a little dance oh so cute hey do you
want to play with something how about
some bubbles she's excited all right
here we go
hey hey hey you right in the face let's
see if you can pop some
oh here's one under here oh you like the
Baba cute I write this Baby Alive doll a
four out of five I think that she is
really cute and I like that she does
bounce and babble but I think there are
a few drawbacks about this toy her
clothes are not removable so that's a
good thing or a bad thing
oh so she cannot sit on her own because
she can only bounce or lay down also
because this Baby Alive doll can not
change her outfit she is not one of
those drink and wet baby dolls so she
does not have a diaper either
well I'll toy collector fans please
remember to like this video and also I
was wondering do you like playing with
bubbles like this cute little baby Alive
doll please right yes or no in the
comment section goodbye and have a great
day
you